Before we start, before we deep dive into technical details,
let us first define what is dependency injection and why is it so
important in the design of business applications.
Well,
you may know that there are five fundamental
principles in object-oriented programming,
which are known as the SOLID principles.
The S is the single responsibility principle,
the O is the open/closed principle, the L is the Liskov substitution principle,
the I is the interface segregation principle,
and the D stands for dependency inversion,
not dependency injection, but dependency inversion.
What does it mean?
It means that if you are designing an object that needs another object to work,
a delegate object,
then this first object should not try to create itself this delegated object.
Instead of that, when you construct this object,
you should try to ask for some other mechanism to inject that
delegated object into the first object.
So a way to implement this is to work with a dependency injection framework.
It is not the only way to implement the dependency inversion principle,
but it is probably nowadays the most classical one
you meet in business applications. And this is what we are going to see now.